Update job_types.rst (#460)
hpcleuven/VscDocumentation: source/jobs/job_types.rst

  It uses the environment variable ``perturbation_size`` to determine the perturbation to
  apply.

To make ``sbatch`` print the job ID after submitting, use the ``--parsable`` option. 

> The --parsable option prints "jobnumber;cluster". We use cut to fetch just the jobnumber.

Reviewer: in brussel it just prints the job ID, so i would rephrase this a bit:
```suggestion

- In some clusters, the ``--parsable`` option also prints the cluster name in the form "<job ID>;<cluster>". We can use cut to fetch just the job ID.

```
